[shopsys] Docs: Updated informations about monorepo (#454) (#659)
shopsys/shopsys: docs/installation/installation-using-docker-linux.md

# Installation Using Docker for Linux

This guide covers building a new projects based on Shopsys Framework.

> Maybe you want to contribute to the framework itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to contribute to the framework itself,
```

> In that case don't forget to take a look at an article about [Monorepo](../introduction/monorepo.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you need to install the whole [shopsys/shopsys](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys) monorepo. Take a look at an article about [Monorepo](../introduction/monorepo.md) for more information.
```

Reviewer: if you do agree with my suggestion, please perform these changes in all the others installation guides.
